feat: improved getting-started section (#732)
ansys/pyansys-geometry: doc/source/getting_started/docker/common_docker.rst

* ``LOG_LEVEL``: Sets the Geometry service logging level. The default is ``2``, in which case
  the logging level is ``INFO``.

> Other important information to keep in mind:
> 
> * The **host**: this is the machine that hosts the Geometry Service. It is typically be
>   on ``localhost`` but bare in mind that if you are deploying the service in a remote machine,
>   you need to pass in this machine's host IP when connecting. By default, PyAnsys Geometry
>   assumes it is on ``localhost``.
> 
> * The **port**: this is the port that exposes the Geometry Service on the host machine. Its
>   value is assumed to be ``50051``, but users can deploy the service on their preferred port.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are some terms to keep in mind:

* **host**: Machine that hosts the Geometry service. It is typically on ``localhost``, but if you
  are deploying the service on a remote machine, you must pass in this host machine's IP
  address when connecting. By default, PyAnsys Geometry assumes it is on ``localhost``.

* The **port**: this is the port that exposes the Geometry Service on the host machine. Its
  value is assumed to be ``50051``, but users can deploy the service on their preferred port.

```

                       -p 50051:50051 ^
                       ghcr.io/ansys/geometry:<TAG>

       .. warning::

           When running a Windows Docker container, certain high-value ports might be restricted
           from its use. This means that the port exposed by the container has to be set

>            to lower values. It is recommended to change the value of ``-p 50051:50051``
>            to use a port such as ``-p 700:50051``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           to lower values. You should change the value of ``-p 50051:50051``
           to use a port such as ``-p 700:50051``.
```

The following tabs show the commands that set the environment variables and ``Modeler``
function.

.. warning::

    When running a Windows Docker container, certain high-value ports might be restricted
    from its use. This means that the port exposed by the container has to be set

>     to lower values. It is recommended to change the value of ``ANSRV_GEO_PORT``
>     to use a port such as ``700``, instead of ``50051``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to lower values. You should change the value of ``ANSRV_GEO_PORT``
    to use a port such as ``700``, instead of ``50051``.
```
